Hi! It's Virtual Adventurer! Kizuna...Ai....
here!
well, I have finally got used to this place in Avabel Online!
Today, I have a target I have to achieve,
which is to clear the 3rd Floor!
beating Jabberwock is today's
real goal!
In my previous video,
as my bromide has got a lot of thumbs up,
I will be taking the photograph in Avabel Online!
And also include a message in my bromide(a photographic portrait)!!
I'm gonna do it again this time!
I'm gonna say the keyword somewhere in the video,
Everyone! Don't miss that!
There are a lot of people here...
why not check out my popularity in this game!
If anyone knows me, raise your hand please!
.
Chin...
AH!
there it is!
There it is!
Thank you for knowing who I am...
Thank you...ok let's try it again
If anyone knows me, Dance!
I won't dance..
Eh! He is dancing!
He said my avatar is awesome!!
You guys are so sweet...
Wait! Wait! He is praising me! I'm famous :3
Well done guys...Thank you
You guys are well trained...HENSHIN! (transform)
Wait..isn't it great? Let me take a Screenshot!
Anyone knows me, Dance!!
AH!
There are more people now!
More people!
did you not expect to meet me here?
hehehe.. well, as you can see, you can meet me :)
As I've gotten so many love here, Let's depart now!
Let's go! Liberation quest!
Start! Eh...Not Good..Eh?
It is quite big..
Hi...Nice to meet you...hahaha...
Wait.. why did I take damage?
What happened there?
AH! It's not there...Not this direction...Please stop...
Ah! I can dodge it!
Looking good
Ahh! its tail...No! Tail...
Oi!
AH!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Oh!
Ah! Don't throw fireballs at me...
I'm doing good! Ah Ah!
I beat it!
Looking Good!
OH!
I beat it!! Jabberwock
Now we can move on to the 4th floor!!
Wait..I have been surrounded by this lovely sweet atmosphere too much and
I almost forgot about that!
Today's keyword!
it's hiragana, おどってー odotte-! (dance)
Remember to include this word and comment down below!
Also, my guild is going to be available soon
Everyone, please!
Look forward to it!
Also join my guild if you are willing to!
So, I'm gonna meet you again! It's Virtual Adventurer, Kizuna Ai! See you next time!
You guys are too close to me! well I'm too popular
Thank you thank you..
I'm getting proposed...
So I'm gonna see you guys next time! Thank you! Bye bye~